Hello everyone, we will consider today
wonderful inexpensive
gaming optical mouse from the company
log house
In general, let's have a great mouse
let's start with the box and then go through
main characteristics and main
chips called model g100s
Here is such a wonderful box
it opens very interestingly you can
I don’t immediately open the habit
the main box but there are a lot of descriptions
barcodes all sorts then we all watch not
let's open it right away
pull out actually this here
the package is the mouse itself
she pulled out quite simply
take and look at the mouse here is such a
she is beautiful and interesting design
interesting coating very durable very
interesting design legs made they
really big really
you can see that this gaming mouse when working
she does not glow
displays works here on such here
work surface over ripple clean
rug work on other rugs then
There is no problem 5
that liked thin but at the same time
soft cord is very good plus he
long there is here from the control
as you can see there are no buttons on the sides
there is both left and right there is a wheel which
pressed and there is a toggle button
permissions button it helps to change
resolution and for 250 to 2500
dots per inch is very very good
This is really a game chip
eat and generally this muscle is
heir to the famous g1 gaming mouse
and g-100
but there is already a new optical
a sensor called delta zero
It provides high accuracy but
let's go through the characteristics
also this mouse stands 20 million
clicks each button in the same 20
million it really is calculated
on games and I think that this is very, very
Well, how did I like that?
now if we talk about clicks if we talk
about clicks she's a mouse this is small but when
This is despite the fact that I have a big hand
me my mouse rick 7 old she
of course it will be bigger and heavier
Nevertheless, the mouse is convenient and about
clicks clicks and quiet and clear short
button stroke liked it very much
I also liked the material
in general it often happens when very
Do you play for a long time?
computer a little bit and
hot hand is sweating somehow uncomfortable
uncomfortable especially when muscles
somehow rubberized here such
no chips here material is very good
it is water repellent
he is very nice matte to the touch
gritty again is also very good
leg is completely symmetrical as you can see
that is, it is suitable for both left-handed and
right handed is also very comfortable while she
anatomical
and the hand does not get tired comfortable work also
this mouse is warranted for 3 years
just on here these legs is given here
250 km warranty that is here and
here and there you will fiddle it two hundred
five kilometers to roll and then
It is impossible to erase well, and the main chip
which really need again
I repeat this permission switching
permission to switch during the game
that is, if you need to move very
quickly
put the cursor in high resolution
if you need precision, do not set
for this you need to install a special
logitech application
software I do not remember how it is called there but
in fact it's worth it and she is very
functional well and here is such a mouse
I think there is nothing special to tell
still it is a budget gaming mouse
but for those who are not looking for someone there
super duper perversion for those who do not
bothers here with mice
which are 10 buttons that hang there
by kilogram or some
Is there anything else wireless ?
let's go run comfortable again
the materials are not comfortable by themselves
light not very heavy comfortable soft
wire which is very important for gaming
mice
good surface very clear quiet and
short screams
resolution switching and optical
sensor
plus work on different surfaces too
what is important here is such a mouse
g100s hope the company is already
will provide some more mice and
keyboards and therefore we will consider
Good luck to everyone and do not forget to subscribe
bye bye bye